README.md, before:

# Overview
The Leinwand Graphics Framework – short Leinwand GF or just LGF is a 2D graphics framework for Android and Java Desktop (Windows, Linux, Mac).  "Leinwand" is the German word for canvas.

Created 2018-2019 by Philip Heyse

## License
Apace V2


# Features and purpose
The framework is very easy to use. LGF provides many features such as:
 - Screen scaling
 - Images, fonts and animations
 - Running in Android and on Java Desktop (e.g. for faster development and testing)
 - collision detection
 - Scrolling
 - Text effects
 - Saving and loading states
 - User input via touch mouse

# Using the framework
## Android
In the dependencies section of the „build.gralde“ file simply add this line:

```
implementation 'de.bright-side.lgf:lgf-android:1.1.0'
```
(Please replace "1.1.0" with the current framwork version.)


## Java Deskop (Windows, Linux, Mac)
In the Maven pom.xml file simply add this dependency:
```xml
	<dependency>
		<groupId>de.bright-side.lgf</groupId>
		<artifactId>lgf-pc</artifactId>
		<version>1.1.0</version>
	</dependency>
```
(Please replace "1.1.0" with the current framwork version.)


## Further information
Please look at the file "LeinwandGF-Documentation.odt" for more information:
 - usage
 - concepts
 - PC and Andorid demo project
Also look at the demo apps for desktop and Android in the "DemoProjects" folder.
 
# Versions
2019-11-22: 
 - support for panels (sub-objects) in LObject
 - support for continuous opacity value
 - panel demo screen in demo app

Commit message:

1.2.0
 - bugfix: consider camera position for panel items
 - pointers in input element in the update method now contains the pointer movement since last update
 - scrolling in panel demo

README.md, after:

# Overview
The Leinwand Graphics Framework – short Leinwand GF or just LGF is a 2D graphics framework for Android and Java Desktop (Windows, Linux, Mac).  "Leinwand" is the German word for canvas.

Created 2018-2019 by Philip Heyse

## License
Apace V2


# Features and purpose
The framework is very easy to use. LGF provides many features such as:
 - Screen scaling
 - Images, fonts and animations
 - Running in Android and on Java Desktop (e.g. for faster development and testing)
 - collision detection
 - Scrolling
 - Text effects
 - Saving and loading states
 - User input via touch mouse

# Using the framework
## Android
In the dependencies section of the „build.gralde“ file simply add this line:

```
implementation 'de.bright-side.lgf:lgf-android:1.1.0'
```
(Please replace "1.1.0" with the current framwork version.)


## Java Deskop (Windows, Linux, Mac)
In the Maven pom.xml file simply add this dependency:
```xml
	<dependency>
		<groupId>de.bright-side.lgf</groupId>
		<artifactId>lgf-pc</artifactId>
		<version>1.1.0</version>
	</dependency>
```
(Please replace "1.1.0" with the current framwork version.)


## Further information
Please look at the file "LeinwandGF-Documentation.odt" for more information:
 - usage
 - concepts
 - PC and Andorid demo project
Also look at the demo apps for desktop and Android in the "DemoProjects" folder.
 
# Versions
1.1.0: 2019-11-22: 
 - support for panels (sub-objects) in LObject
 - support for continuous opacity value
 - panel demo screen in demo app
 
1.2.0: 2019-12-13: 
 - bugfix: consider camera position for panel items
 - pointers in input element in the update method now contains the pointer movement since last update
 - scrolling in panel demo
